Google Adwords - Tip not to mention Airbyte in API token request (#2628)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/google-adwords.md

* Create an Adwords MANAGER Account. Here are [Google's instruction](https://ads.google.com/home/tools/manager-accounts/) on how to create one.
* You should now have two Google Ads accounts: a normal account and a manager account. Link the Manager account to the normal account following [Google's documentation](https://support.google.com/google-ads/answer/7459601).
* Apply for a developer token on your Manager account. This token allows you to access your data from the Google Ads API. Here are [Google's instructions](https://developers.google.com/google-ads/api/docs/first-call/dev-token). The docs are a little unclear on this point, but you will _not_ be able to access your data via the Google Ads API until this token is approved. You cannot use a test developer token, it has to be at least a basic developer token. It usually takes Google 24 hours to respond to these applications.

>   * Do not mention Airbyte in your apllication, Google currently misstakes Airbyte for a 3p tool and will decline your request. See [issue 1981](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues/1981) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Do not mention Airbyte in your application, Google currently mistakes Airbyte for a 3rd-party tool and will decline your request. See [issue 1981](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues/1981) for more information.
```
